Add more information and context to event pipelines docs (#25735)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/events/pipelines_and_processors/_index.md

- **Parse messages and attributes as tags**: Create custom grok rules to parse the full message or a specific attribute of your raw event. Translate the context into trackable tags and attributes that can be referenced during investigation.

Datadog Event Management Pipelines help organizations simplify their monitoring processes, enhance the clarity of their operational insights, and ultimately respond more effectively to incidents and alerts.

## How it works

With pipelines, events are parsed and enriched by chaining them sequentially through processors. This extracts meaningful information or attributes from semi-structured text. Each event that comes through the pipelines is tested against every pipeline filter. If it matches a filter, then all the processors are applied sequentially before moving to the next pipeline.

Pipelines and processors can be applied to all events and can be configured in the [Event Management Pipelines][1].

## Create a pipeline

Create an Pipeline to filter to the events that you are interested in, for example, a source or a tag. 

1. Navigate to [Event Management Pipelines][1] in Datadog.
1. Click **Add a Pipeline**.

> 1. Choose a filter from the dropdown menu or create your own filter query in the [Event Management Explorer][2] by selecting the `</>` icon. Filters let you limit what kinds of events a pipeline applies to. **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline's processors. You cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose a filter from the dropdown menu or create your own filter query in the [Event Management Explorer][2] by selecting the `</>` icon. Use filters to apply pipeline processors to specific events. **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline's processors. You cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.
```

> 1. Choose a filter from the dropdown menu or create your own filter query in the [Event Management Explorer][2] by selecting the `</>` icon. Filters let you limit what kinds of events a pipeline applies to. **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline’s processors. You cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Choose a filter from the dropdown menu or create your own filter query in the [Event Management Explorer][2] by selecting the `</>` icon. Filters let you limit what kinds of events a pipeline applies to. **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline's processors. You cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.
```

> 1. Choose a filter from the dropdown menu or create your own filter query in the [Event Management Explorer][2] by selecting the `</>` icon. Filters let you limit what kinds of events a pipeline applies to. **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline’s processors. You cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.

Author: Yes! I agree, that's correct. Is this clearer: "Use filters to limit/apply the pipeline processors to specific events" ?
Either limit or apply

> 1. Choose a filter from the dropdown menu or create your own filter query in the [Event Management Explorer][2] by selecting the `</>` icon. Filters let you limit what kinds of events a pipeline applies to. **Note**: The pipeline filtering is applied before any of the pipeline’s processors. You cannot filter on an attribute that is extracted in the pipeline itself.

Reviewer: Yes, that sounds good! I edited it a little in the suggestion below, so it's: "Use the filter to apply pipelines processors to specific events."
